Mobile phones is so popular today that now it becomes a necessity for everyone. Mobile
phone is indeed a wonderful invention of man. It does not only help people to communicate
but also to entertain. However, there are advantages and disadvantages of mobile phones for
students.

The first advantage is we can keep ourselves up to date using mobile phones. It keeps
us informed of all current issues happening around the world. Information is shared throughout
various platform such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp and Youtube where we can
read news and watch video online.

Secondly, we can learn many new skills using our mobile phone. There are many
language teaching programs, baking and decoration classes online. We do not have to travel
far to learn new skills. We can use Zoom, Google Meet or Skype to join a class and study.
Thirdly, mobile phone is a source of entertainment. We can watch movies, drama,
music videos, songs or play games after a hard day's at school. We can relax at home and watch
movies that we like without having to go to the cinema.
Nevertheless, there are disadvantages of mobile phone for students. First, students
gradually become passive in their action. It may prevent us from socializing with other people
in real life. Students might prefer playing games or watching videos online rather than spending
quality time with family and friends.
Secondly, students have the tendencies to be neglecting their duties. They neglect their
homework or revision because they are so keen on using their mobile phones. They also tend
to refuse helping with house chores because they do not want to miss watching their favourite
drama.

encourages them to commit crimes. Violence, nudity, and irrelevance trends can be accessed
easily online. This can lead to robbery, theft, cyberbullying, spreading fake news and murder.
In a nutshell, mobile phone is very useful in today's world. However, as a student, we
must know how to use mobile phone wisely. Be extra careful not to overindulge in it and use
it sensibly.

Thirdly, the bad influence of mobile phones on the young generation is inevitable. It